let's bring in ham Salu and occupi East
Jerusalem for us now ham when it comes
to any possible ceasefire deal what's
the view on that in
Israel there's a lot of pressure on
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu both internationally and
domestically on the international front
you have the Americans who are hoping to
see the Israelis shift towards a lesser
intense type of fighting within the next
few weeks and that position has been
reiterated by multiple American
officials domestically though he has
increased pressure from the families of
the captives and the bring them back now
movement and this situation has even
become more high stakes after three
captives were killed inside of Gaza by
the Israeli military now Egyptian
security officials are indicating that
the Israelis are willing to offer a
weeks long pause in the fighting in
exchange for 40 captives they want all
women any remaining children and elderly
men as part of that deal remember there
are more than a hundred captives still
being held inside of Gaza but before
those meetings there were also meetings
with the Israelis the kataris and the
Americans in Europe twice in one week to
try and start these negotiations and
while signs are pointing that these
talks are positive so far there's no
indication that there is anything
concrete at the moment in the talks in
Cairo with Hamas officials it is worth
noting that for the first time
Palestinian Islamic Jihad had
representation there they are the second
largest fighting force inside of Gaza
and they're also holding some captives
in Gaza so they are part of these
discussions when it comes to whether or
not this is accepted within the Israeli
Society there is a cautious optimism
because they were able to see how many
captives were released several weeks ago
during that ceasefire period and they're
saying that the Israeli government
should be doing everything in its power
in order to bring back the captives even
if that means some sort of prisoner
exchange or swap but there's been no
indication from the Israelis that they
are willing to do that just yet hamas's
position has been quite clear that there
will be no ceasefire talks or
negotiations about it until there is an
end to the war
and H Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has been speaking what have we
been hearing from him
then on Wednesday Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu reiterating his
position that the war is not going to
end and in fact until there is a defeat
of Hamas and a complete victory for the
Israelis it's simply not going to happen
he says that anyone who thinks otherwise
is disconnected from
reality the war will continue until we
destroy Hamas until Victory those who
think we will stop is not connected to
reality we are striking Hamas with heavy
fire everywhere including today we are
also striking those who Aid Hamas close
or far every Hamas terrorist is destined
for death they have only two options
surrender or
die Israeli officials have been
reiterating this from the beginning that
there's not going to be an end of this
war until all of their military
objectives are accomplished but the
reality is they haven't accomplished
anything they set out to more than 75
days ago the head of Israel's Southern
command in the Israeli Army speaking to
troops inside of Gaza said that they are
at an incredibly significant point in
the offensive and they have to keep
moving and that they are continuously
operating and drawing up plans for
places they are in and simultaneously
drawing up plans for places they have
not yet maneuvered in just another
indication from the Israelis that their
war on Gaza is going to continue Carrie
H thanks very much indeed for that
update